Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.
I feel like this format could be very useful in showcasing information about people involved in a certain incident, or event. For instance, rather than just a list of names on an online database showing the names of soldiers in the battle of Vimy Ridge, they could create a "card" for each of the soldiers. That way you could find fast information about a certain soldier such as their Date of Birth, Date of Death, and scans of pertinent documents related to that person such as pictures or death certificates, letters they wrote etc. This could be useful for people doing research into a specific person for a personal project or for acedemics in finding primary documents easily. There could also include a search function should they wish to try and find a specific person. 

## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 
The responsibilities that the researcher has to the students is to ensure that the students are aware of where, with whom and for what purpose their information will be shared. Seeing as for some people it may be sensitive information, the researcher must be transparent about how the information will be shared so that the students can decide if they are comfortable with sharing it, or if they would like to keep it private. The rights that the participants have over the final product should be that any of their information that they wanted to keep private does not end up on the final website. If they made errors in the original code which resulted in information being shared, they should have the right to contact the researcher (or professor) and get assistance in either changing the code, or taking it down immidiately to ensure the information stays confidential. 
## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

I feel like the limitations of this are definitely that the student is limited in the information that they can share. For instance there are fun facts about myself that I would have loved to share with people to get to know me better, but I didn't feel like they fit into any of the provided spaces. An obstacle that I faced was that I didn't feel confident enough in my skills yet to add another field in order to try and put in that information that I felt was lacking. 